DOC-2270_TINY-10389 release notes entry: Removed manually dispatching `dragend` event on drop in Firefox. (#3091)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

For information on the **<Premium plugin name 1>** plugin, see: xref:<plugincode>.adoc[<Premium plugin name 1>].

=== PowerPaste

The {productname} 7.0 release includes an accompanying release of the **PowerPaste** premium plugin.

**PowerPaste** includes the following fix.

==== Removed manually dispatching `dragend` event on drop in Firefox.
// #TINY-10389

> Dragging and dropping an image between two cells in a `table` with PowerPaste enabled triggered the manual dispatching of the `dragend` event on Firefox.
> 
> The image was duplicated into the new cell instead of being moved from the old cell to the new one.
> 
> The manual dispatching of the `dragend` event on Firefox has been removed.
> 
> As a result, the image now correctly moves from one cell to another without duplicating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dragging and dropping an image between two cells in a table with the **PowerPaste** plugin enabled triggered the manual dispatching of the `dragend` event when the host browser was Firefox.

As a consequence, the image was duplicated into the new cell instead of being moved from the old cell to the new one.

In {productname} 7.0, this manual dispatching of the `dragend` event in Firefox has been removed.

As a result, when an image is `dragged` and `dropped` from one cell to another, it now correctly moves without duplicating itself.
```

Author: thanks for the improvements! 🙌
